# CS-370
 a pirate character to navigate a maze and find treasure before a human player. I was given the core environment in TreasureMaze.py, an experience replay buffer in GameExperience.py, and I implemented the logic in a Jupyter Notebook to train the intelligent agent. While I was responsible for developing the neural network model and implementing the training loop including addressing the exploration vs. exploitation trade-off using an epsilon-greedy policy, and evaluating model performance after training, this allowed me to have a hands-on experience to reinforce my theoretical knowledge of the learning capabilities of the agents in order to learn optimal polices using trial and error. 

Over the duration of this course, I was able to see the scope of computer science and how computer scientists tackle problems using abstraction, algorithm design, and critical thinking. Developing this project demonstrated to me how AI systems can also progressively improve and adapt through data-driven learning and trial-and-error processes. This project also reinforced the concept of an ethical responsibility to ensure for example that AI systems behave in principled ways, reduce bias where possible, and are aligned to the accountabilities of users and/or organizations fairly. As a future developer of intelligent systems, I must be cognizant that building intelligent systems must not only use the technology to solve problems, but that this must also be accomplished through the lenses of transparency, user privacy, and social responsibility.
